W-17320735-exchange-ref-LDS (#250)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/caveats.adoc

// end::noRenameApp[]

//tag::supportedMule[]

> CloudHub 2.0 supports Mule runtime engine versions 4.3.x, and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub 2.0 supports Mule runtime engine versions 4.3.x and later.
```

Mule 3.x is not supported.
// end::supportedMule[]

//tag::softDelete[]

> Runtime Manager does not support deploying an application to CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric if the asset was previously xref:exchange::to-delete-asset.adoc[soft-deleted] in Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Manager doesn't support deploying an application to CloudHub 2.0 or Runtime Fabric if the asset was previously xref:exchange::to-delete-asset.adoc[soft-deleted] in Exchange.
```
